[Music]
welcome slash forward in this episode
we're gonna bring clowns into the modern
age offering them the reverence they
deserve with the 2017 adaptation of it
let's get to it we open on a rainy
gloomy day in Derry the weather here
representing what living in Derry does
to one's brain we see Bill sick making a
special treat for his little bro Georgie
since nothing good comes without
sacrifice Georgie is tasked with
venturing into the cellar for some
whacks
ature he hates mostly due to his mom
insisting on playing him down with
ominous piano music he does soil his
dungarees but otherwise manages to
accomplish his task without incident so
bill gets her water tight and sends him
on his way the SS georgie takes off like
a speedboat running dual 454 x' you know
and after Georgia gets clotheslined he
loses his ship down a storm drain but no
worries
a pair of kind eyes appear and they're
attached to everyone's friend Pennywise
the dancing clown creeping it up in the
gutter like an absolute pro he gets
Georgie laughing and draws him in
ripping off his arm and leaving behind
nothing more than a bloody smear on the
pavement we then catch up with our
friends starting with Mike at the Sheep
farm were part of his duties include
being pressured into destroying
creatures which is analogous with life
so pick a side and then on to Eddy bill
Ritchie and Stan living a more carefree
life only concerned about the
intricacies of circumcision we also meet
Beverley in the bathroom getting doused
with wet garbage this happens to be the
last day of school and Bill expresses
his desire to spend the summer at the
Barrens searching for his brother
spotty Henry Bowers and crew also show
up here letting bill know the moratorium
on bullying due to his missing brother
is now over around back Beverley runs
into been initially giving him a hard
time but softening which he realizes
he's a hopeless mess rocking out - nkotb
which is like one direction but for
mommy's she signs his yearbook and he
proceeds to jizz in his pants
searching quickly for a smooth departing
line please don't go girl nah don't do
that introductions behind us it's time
to get to the hard stuff as Mike dips
into an alley to deliver some succulent
meats he's then distracted by an
alarming and apparently supernatural
episode and almost gets him killed as
this version of Bowers starts at a nine
and only goes up from there meanwhile at
temple we see Stan scolded by his father
for failing to excel at his rest
he returns the Torah to its shelf and is
startled to find his least favorite
artwork is no longer in its frame it's
trying its hand at performance art
giving him a toothy grin as he runs from
the room later as the boys head out on
their adventure we see them zipped by
the library where Ben is doing some
research into the dark past of Deary he
runs across an interesting printing
error in his book before being lured
into the stacks by a balloon in a trail
of hot eggs which is coincidentally the
name of a medical condition from which I
suffer he finds himself pinned in by a
headless child who chases him around the
archives he hops out of the fire into
the frying pan as bowers takes a keen
interest in them titties wanting to
claim him for later he begins to
actually carve his name into Ben's belly
so Ben executes a flawless Crescent kick
and gets a lead when the bullies are
sidetracked by Henry losing his knife
after he falls down the hill
downriver the boys are [ __ ] around
splashing in the town's gray water and
deciding whether or not they want to
actually have an adventure when bill
finds a piece of evidence belonging to a
missing classmate the decision is made
for them when Ben crosses their path we
then watch mini Adam driver arrive at
the storm drain and finds Pennywise
doesn't play too many games when tender
flesh wanders so willingly into its
domain in town the boys have taken Ben
to the pharmacy where Eddie really
shines they run into Beverly who favor
for favor uses her feminine wiles to
distract the pervy pharmacist allowing
them to abscond with their supplies as
she grabs a pack of smokes bill invites
her to the quarry the next day before
they split up back at home we get her
first view of her disturbing
relationship with her father who doesn't
approve of her maturing into a young
woman grossing her out to the point
where she's compelled to spite him by
cutting her hair short the next day the
boys are working up the courage to cliff
dive into the quarry when Bev arrives
and bosses up both impressing them and
causing them to deeply regret their
underwear choices at the same time the
adolescence and sheer a magical summer
afternoon of water sport fun Ritchie
starts diving into Ben's research which
indicates that people indiri
disappeared or ate many many times the
national average he invites them to his
room for more educational fun
displaying some older maps and
information about previous periods of
disappearances that interest bill when
done we find it's Eddie's turn as the
local crack house calls out to him
startling him into dropping his pills
he's helped by a kindly leper who
Shepherds him onto the property where
Pennywise tries to bring him on as a
roommate by promising him the master
suite and the advantage of floating when
Beverly gets home she finds a poem from
her secret admirer and hopes that
assuming it was written by bill will
make it true she's summoned to the sink
by tiny
voices that identify themselves as the
missing children who are apparently just
hanging out under the pipes floating in
chillin when she tries to check to
reassure herself the drain erupts into a
cloud of hair and blood causing
significant moisture damage to the
drywall but remains completely invisible
to her father bill wakes up that same
evening to strange footfalls down the
hallway he startled by a full-on
apparition of Georgie leading him into
the basement he finds the basement set
up in the style now most familiar to
Georgie waterlogged and Georgie does his
best to convince bill to join him
however we see he's just a puppet of
penny wise moving his lips like an
amateur and getting bill all riled up to
make that soul nice and tender for his
later feast Beverley summons the gang
the next day taking a huge risk by
having them come into her home so she
can verify she's not crazy the test is
positive as they see it as well leading
to an epic biological hazard cleanup
montage this is where Beverly and Bill
solidify their relationship as best buds
with romantic potential as they head
down the road they all feel more
confident in opening up about their
personal experiences this summer all
different but connected by the clown
with Richie the only one left out there
distracted by noises coming from the
woods and indications of trouble Brewin
mic is by the riverbed taking it both
physically and mentally he's about to
get brained so the kids draw first blood
and rather than simply standing off they
wrap it up with a classic childhood
activity despite their size advantage
the bullies find themselves overwhelmed
by superior numbers and are stunned at
taking their first L the gang then talks
more about their missing peers
connecting Ben's research with Mike's
knowledge of local legend it suggested
that all their visions are connected to
a single entity that aims to use what
they fear most against them these
periods of turmoil eventually end but
return on a 27-year cycle Mike also
initiates himself into the club by
revealing he's had visions related to
that time he had to listen to his family
as they burned alive with a new
direction they go back to Bill's house
to break out the old carousel and map
their modern data with the old town
roads discovering that disaster sites
throughout history are connected by the
sewers and old well house which had been
located at the current side of the town
crack house when they start freaking out
we witness a similar phenomenon to had
been experienced with his book but with
a butthole puckering finale bill heads
for the house on niebolt immediately
which forces his friends to follow or
risk him going missing he points out
that they're all at risk all the time if
they choose to do nothing bill Ritchie
and Eddie constitute the away team
entering the house and heading upstairs
to explore a distress signal Eddie is
distracted by a personal call to action
splitting them off enough to become
fully separated and then a brief spook
is all that's required to get Eddie to
go for the hardcore championship belt
while he goes ahead and takes a breather
upstairs villain Ritchie continued to
walk through doors for some reason
getting individualized hothouse
experiences tailored to their fears in
Richie's case clowns
luckily the experience is startling
enough to drive him out of the room
downstairs Pennywise emerges alarmingly
from the mini-fridge
and spends a little time seasoning his
treats he's about to get off on that
good stuff when Bill and Ritchie push
past their most recent horrors by
reiterating that none of this is real
causing Pennywise to become momentarily
distracted he tries to demonstrate his
interest in keeping it real when Beverly
impales his head with an iron picket
causing half his face to go wonky poor
Ben can't go more than a few days where
his tummy remains unmolested and they
eventually drive it off as it slithers
down the old well funtime is know mostly
over as bill is ready to get right back
into it but the group diverges into two
distinct schools of thought of the value
of living and they officially divide
despite their strength in numbers we
then get a montage showing everyone
moving on with their summer and things
getting mostly back to normal which is
actually pretty bad for Bowers he's just
trying to hang with his friends and have
some fun prompting his dad to teach him
a lesson and reveal his inner smallness
in front of his buds at his lowest
Pennywise offers him a purpose
presenting him both a fine gift and a
mandate without question he finds his
napping Papa approaches him crotch moist
with urine and opens an artery while
cheered on by the kiddos Beverly has a
similar escalation at home going to
leave and finding the house locked from
the inside and her dad lurking in the
shadows he's upset by rumors going about
town of his delicate flower running the
streets with some boys and feels that
his suspicions are confirmed by the poem
he found wanting her for himself begin
to a scuffle and she eventually pushes
his wig back with a toilet tank lid
before being nabbed by Pennywise bill
goes to her house usually a bad idea but
finds daddy's melons split wide open
with evidence of its involvement so he
assembles the crew and they head to the
crack spot in this version the kids
gather some actual tools of slaughter
before entering as they descend into the
pit of despair we see Beverly waking up
from the gentle pitter-patter of a
stranger's blood on her face she finds
herself at the base of operations for
Pennywise we're all the floater scope
and she's given an energetic little show
before it reveals the dead lights
topside before they can all climb down
Bowers shows up he tackles Mike and
almost puts a bolt through his frontal
lobe which would have been hell for
Mike's impulse control and since he set
the stakes he dentist has suffered the
consequences as Mike
Speirs him down the well that is the
exact right response while waiting on
Mike Stan gets distracted and split from
the group when they eventually find him
we learn he's got that yummy yum oh good
for you Stan as they calm him and
despite the immediacy of this lesson
bill is drawn away by a vision of Georgi
he eventually finds himself at the
flotation station with Beverly but is
compelled to continue on the others
arrive and find Beverly as well they
pull her down and Ben tries to bring her
back with the power of true love which
works even if one-sided they find Bill
having a heart-to-heart with Georgi and
he demonstrates what he's willing to
sacrifice to rid them of Pennywise we
then get the rare and magnificent
opportunity to witness a clown birth in
the wild as Georgie goes through a sort
of post-mortem puberty they then get to
your standard clown fight situation
going back and forth with fighting from
both sides it tries to make a deal bill
in exchange for the opportunity to lead
happy lives recognising its lie as no
one is ever truly happy they reject it
and take turns getting in their licks as
it changes forms to match its target
like a boggart
at this point these visions enrage the
kids rather than instilling fear and it
ultimately has no choice but to slide
gently into the abyss the following
month we find them sorting through
things as the brain fog begins to roll
in Beverly had a dream about them all
together as adults they're unsure of
what this means but Phil initiates a
blood oath to come back if it ever
returns which is equal parts epic and
disturbing as they disperse we learn
Beverly as the first to leave Derry
she's going to live with her aunt after
killing her father and Bill summons all
of his courage for a goodbye kiss thus
punctuating this coming-of-age saga and
that was the 2017 interpretation of it's
a movie unusually devoid of flashbacks
if you enjoyed the video I'd love for
you become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching